docs: improve FAQ entry in teams (#284)
shorebirdtech/docs: src/content/docs/teams.mdx

   codebase), then those apps will then be associated with their account and
   they can set per-app permissions accordingly, as per the above instructions.

2. It's possible for us to manually associate their Stripe Customer with your
   account, so that you can create and administer access to apps but have the
   billing sent to their Stripe account. This is probably the most common
   solution we've deployed. This allows you to create as many apps now or in the
   future without needing the card holder to take further action.

3. It is also possible for you to create any needed apps and then afterwards, we
   can then transfer the apps to their account for them to manage, including
   giving you "Admin" if desired. This means any time you'd like to create
   another app billed to their account you'll need to reach out to
   contact@shorebird.dev, but it's very quick for us to move apps when needed.

For either option 2 or 3, please reach out to contact@shorebird.dev and
tell us which option you would like to pursue and the email addresses associated
with the accounts, and we would be _happy_ to help. Please make sure that all

> email addresses involved already have Shorebird accounts (have gone
> to https://console.shorebird.dev/ and click through the OAuth flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
email addresses involved already have Shorebird accounts (accounts are created when logging into https://console.shorebird.dev/ for the first time).
```

> Again this is a common confusion due to our limited sharing support at this time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are aware that this is a common source confusion due to our limited sharing support at this time
```
